[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Welcome to the
House of Well-being.
You're listening to the
Social Media Phone Addiction
Hypnotherapy audio.
In a moment, the
hypnosis will begin.
But before it does,
I'd like to remind you
that the following
audio contains
powerful hypnotic
suggestions that
aim to help you reach a
deep level of relaxation.
So please be sure that, wherever
you're listening to this audio,
you're in a safe and
comfortable place,
free from distractions, where
you can fully relax and let go.
Please don't listen to this
if you're driving or operating
machinery.
Should there be an emergency,
your subconscious mind
will alert you and you'll
easily come out of hypnosis.
But right now there's
nothing at all
you need to do apart
from close your eyes,
relax, lie back, and let go.
And really enjoy those peaceful
feelings and all the benefits
that come with it.
Make yourself as
comfortable as possible.
And concentrate on
the sound of my voice.
And begin by drawing in
a long, slow, deep breath
in through your nose.
Hold the breath for a moment.
And now slightly open your
mouth and release all the air
from your body and a
long, low deep sigh.
And relax, allowing your
lungs to naturally deflate
as your body sinks into
gentle relaxation now.
And you can release any tension.
Relax and let go as I guide you
through a journey of relaxing,
a journey that you will
find very beneficial
for your overall well-being.
You're going to start
this calming experience
by first relaxing your
hole body-mind system.
And it's true to say that the
simple act of relaxing the body
and mind has a positive knock-on
effect because how you think
determines how you
feel and how you feel
influences the world
around you and how
you choose to
think today affects
your decisions from here on in.
So to make my assurance
as your reality,
let's begin by
focusing your attention
on the very top of your head.
Tension often starts at
the scalp and the neck.
So mentally and physically
allow all the muscles
around the top of your
head to relax now,
letting all the
tension simply dissolve
as you start to tune into
your body-mind system.
Just let any tension you may
be holding to release now.
Allow your brain to relax.
The left and the right lobes
of the brain just releasing
such a simple thought yet so
profound and so significant.
Just letting go completely,
drifting further and further
down, nobody wanting anything,
nobody needing anything.
This is your time to relax.
Taking the relaxation
into the face
now, allowing all of your
facial muscles to feel loose,
feeling your brow relaxing,
your forehead smoothing out,
the back of your eyes relaxing,
tiny muscles around your eyes
and eyelids down
into your cheeks
and into your jaw muscles.
Just releasing and letting go.
Allowing your
tongue to fall away
from the roof of your mouth.
And should you find you need
to swallow, just do that now.
And drift down and
down deeper and deeper
into blissful relaxation.
The more you physically
relax, the more
you can mentally relax.
And when you can
mentally relax, you
can think much more clearly.
And when you think more clearly,
your life becomes clearer
and you make better decisions
and you're much more
in control of your days.
So noticing now how
your neck feels,
relaxing all the little muscles,
letting go of the strain,
letting go of the tension.
Allow that tension that you
may be holding in your shoulder
to go now.
Feel the shoulders
both of them sinking
into the frame of your body.
Feel your neck lengthen
as you do this.
Feel or imagine all
your cares and worries
just rolling off
your shoulders now.
As you take the relaxation down
now into the tops of your arms,
letting any tension you may
be holding just drain away.
And as your awareness flows
down through your upper arms
into your elbows, all the
muscles in your forearms
relax, right down to your wrists
and into your hands and way
down into the very tips of
your fingers and thumbs.
Your arms are feeling so heavy.
Your body's so comfortable.
Nothing whatsoever
to do but just
relax and enjoy this feeling
of total release now.
As you let go of all the
tension in those muscles,
you may experience them becoming
calmer and gently releasing.
And just tune into the
feeling of simply letting go.
As you become aware
of your breathing,
notice that you are now
breathing steadily and slowly,
rhythmically.
And with each exhale, you feel
yourself just relaxing even
more deeply.
Allowing any tension
in the chest area
now to simply
drain away, letting
go completely and totally.
Bring awareness into
your stomach now.
And let all your
stomach muscles relax.
And as you do, I
want you to imagine
a ball of sunlight passing
down from the top of your head
down through your face, your
throat, and into your stomach.
Visualize this healing
energy passing down
through your throat and
chest and into your stomach.
So see and feel the sunlight
swirling and rotating.
And as the light glows, it
goes and soothes and heals.
And you release and relax and
drift down and further down.
And in your imagination,
you send the sunlight out
now to every nerve cell,
bone, muscle, fiber,
and system of the body.
See it flowing through
the bloodstream.
Leave the light there.
It knows what to do.
As you take the relaxation
round into your back muscles
and from your back muscles,
it relaxes those muscles
either side of the spine,
releasing, relaxing,
and just letting go now
deeper and deeper now.
As you relax your
waist and the muscles
of your lower stomach and
down into the pelvic area, all
the way down through
the large thigh muscles,
down through your knees,
your shins and your calves,
just allow all those areas of
the body to relax and let go.
You're so relaxed, so
heavy, so comfortable.
And now tune into that
comfortable feeling
as you think on down to
your ankles, into your feet,
right down to the very
tips of your toes.
All the muscles of your body
now so beautifully relaxed.
And you feel very heavy
and very comfortable.
And your feeling's centered and
relaxed and fully in control.
If there are any
areas of your body
that still feel
tight or tense, you
find that you can relax them
simply by giving yourself
permission to do so.
And you can now go even deeper
as I count down from 8 to 0.
And with every number, you
feel yourself drifting further
into blissful relaxation.
So 8, 7, 6, 5--
deeper now-- 4, 3, 2, 1, and 0.
Deeply relax, letting go of
all the cares and worries, all
the tension and pressure
and stresses and strains.
Let them all ease from your
body and ease from your mind.
And allow yourself to drift down
into a deeper, more blissful
state of creative relaxation.
And now that you're in
a deeply relaxed state,
I'm going to talk to you now
about social media and phone
addiction.
And it's interesting to
know that interacting
with social media can trigger a
dopamine response in the brain,
similar to that triggered
by a drug or alcohol use.
And that response can leave
you wanting more and feeling
addicted.
And whilst there's
nothing inherently
addictive about smart
phones themselves,
the true drivers of our
attachments to these devices
are the hypersocial
environments that they provide.
And perhaps you've
experienced feelings
of anxiety, depression,
or poor quality sleep.
And studies have shown a
link to smartphone usage.
Or perhaps being on your
phone or social media
too much has
started to interfere
with your relationships
with your friends and family
or even your partner
and children.
And you know that smartphones
and social media apps
aren't going anywhere
anytime soon.
But what you can control
is how much you use them.
So from now on, you've
decided to spend less time
on your phone and to
learn to connect more
with those around you or simply
find alternative things to do.
Experts recommend 30
minutes or less per day
as the maximum time
you should spend
on social media and just
two hours per day in total
on your phone for adults.
So the first thing
you do is challenge
yourself to go a certain
time without checking
your phone or social media.
So whether it's
a few hours a day
or perhaps an entire morning,
a couple of days a week
or you stop checking
your phone after 7:00 PM
at night, whatever you
decide, you stick to it.
You feel determined to not
be ruled by your phone.
And you take back control.
To help with the challenge
you've set yourself,
perhaps you decide to
delete certain social apps
or to remove all addictive
apps to the second page, where
it's harder for you to
open them spontaneously.
In addition, you turn
off notifications
so you don't see an alert every
time you pick up your phone,
instead only choosing
to check your phone
at a time you've decided.
You notice more when you're
reaching for your phone.
So you're able to stop
yourself in your Tracks
and you find new ways
to fulfill your need.
For example, if you
feel lonely, perhaps you
decide to call someone
in your family or friend.
Or if you're bored, you may
want to go for a short walk
or read a book.
You do anything to distract
you from your phone.
You know it's easier to forget
about checking your phone
when it's physically
out of sight and reach.
So if you're downstairs and
it's time for you to be away
from your phone, then you
put your phone upstairs out
of range.
And the more time you're away
from your phone, the more time
you have in your hands to do the
other things that interest you
that you really enjoy doing,
perhaps a healthy activity
or passion project
you simply never
had time to start or finish.
Or perhaps you choose to spend
more time with your family
and reach out to
some old friends.
Perhaps you choose to
spend some time increasing
the amount of exercise
you do or simply relaxing
by reading a book or
listening to some music.
Whatever it may be, the
more time you have to do it,
the more you'll love it.
And you start to
free up your time
more and more with
the things that you
love that are good for you.
And that makes you happy.
You have a newfound curiosity
and thirst for your own life
and less interest in the lives
of others on social media.
From now on and
every time you're
about to unlock
your phone, I'd like
you to take a moment
to think about why
you need to check your phone.
Do you need to do
something in particular
by texting your boss?
And if you do, you
fulfill the task.
And then you put your
phone away, straight away.
You no longer feel the need
to browse or post so much,
like or comment.
You prefer to find
joys outside your phone
and with the closest
people around you,
enjoying life
directly around you.
You no longer feel the need
to get admiration, confidence,
or approval from your
social media peers.
You feel full of
self-confidence, self-worth.
And you know that
you're an amazing person
in your own right.
You think more
about your strengths
and why people like you, what
past successes you've had,
filling your mind with positive
thoughts about yourself,
your life without any
need for comparison
or recognition from others.
You know you'll be able to check
what everyone is up to, what's
going on with the
news, or continue maybe
playing any game in due course.
You simply don't feel the
need to do it every hour,
every minute of the day.
You no longer feel like
you're missing out,
as you feel much more connected
to the world around you
than ever before.
You feel much more in
control than ever before,
enjoying the space and freedom
you feel from not having
to constantly be on your phone.
From now on in,
you give yourself
time to breathe away from
your phone, some time out,
time to recharge, time to
reconnect and to re-engage
with those around you, doing
the things you love to do.
And in return, you're
building the relationships you
want with those that you love.
You find yourself day
by day, hour by hour
spending less and less time
on your phone, less desire
and need.
You have the perfect balance
now of when you should
and shouldn't be on your phone.
And this pleases you.
And I'd like you now to
visualize yourself doing
this hobby, something that
you think you may really
enjoy your passion project,
something you keep putting off.
Maybe it's something
important to you
but you don't seem to have time
to do because you're always
on your phone.
So see yourself now putting your
phone aside, turning it off.
See yourself happy, relaxed,
and enjoying yourself.
You feel happy,
calm, and confident,
engaging in life around
you, focusing on your life.
You're in control
and proud of yourself
for taking time away from your
phone now and in the future.
These hypnotic
suggestions are now
embedded in your
subconscious mind.
And they'll become
more and more powerful
as the days and weeks go by.
And in a moment, I'm
going to count from 1 to 5
to awaken you.
And at the count of 5, you'll
be wide awake, fully refreshed,
alert, and feeling
fantastic, bringing back
with you all the
wonderful new feelings.
So coming back now
with 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5.
Eyes open when you're ready.